“User agent, that’s you *W3C*...
Cache cleared.
The response is…
200 OK.”
NOTE 1st block
We set the ground so no one slips,
no hidden doors,
no secret scripts.
Raise every voice,
let daylight in—
we shape the rules that let all begin.
From tiny tags,
living *Hypertext* takes the floor,
we build a bridge from shore to shore.
NOTE block
Hands up high like promises resolved by night,
we write it once and make it work just right.
Across the world,
across each screen,
one shared language,
strong and clean.
NOTE 2nd block
You’re my Grid,
I’m your Flex (It's *CSS*)
—locked in time,
Mind the gap;
we find the perfect rhyme.
But more than code,
it’s hearts in tune—
a common path beneath one moon.
We choose the words that welcome all,
big or small,
whatever you call.
Keep it fair,
keep it kind,
trust by design,
with peace of mind.
NOTE block
Raise the banner high—we meet and we align,
Write it in the open,
let our edges intertwine.
Across the sites,
across the night,
*One open WEB*
—we build it right.
NOTE block
*WebRTC* sparks,
all cameras ignite,
*WebGPU* riffs,
shaders bite.
*Fetch* that hope,
keep *Cookies same-site*,
privacy by design—Secure,
*Http-only* tight.
*Cross-origin* only with care;
permissions prompt—be wise,
be fair.
NOTE block
Roll out with a shout—*let async*;
don’t *await*.
One open future—we won’t make it wait,
From meeting rooms to city light,
we sign our names to do what’s right.
NOTE block
Every voice we raised became one song,
Thread by thread,
we weave a shining *NET*;
Lift up your eyes—the curtains soaring high,
With you, we can change the world.
NOTE last block
- Welcome to KOBE.
Ready, set?
Let’s discuss our Web future.
Lyric & Music by
Masakazu Muraoka @bathtimefish
---
Programming & Design by
Kensaku Komatsu @komasshu